OSDOCS2950 - Adding support for installing to Azure Stack Hub using the default IPI configuration options (#39366)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_azure_stack_hub/preparing-to-install-on-azure-stack-hub.adoc

[id="choosing-a-method-to-install-ocp-on-ash"]
== Choosing a method to install {product-title} on Azure Stack Hub

You can install {product-title} on installer-provisioned or user-provisioned infrastructure. The default installation type uses installer-provisioned infrastructure, where the installation program provisions the underlying infrastructure for the cluster. You can also install {product-title} on infrastructure that you provision. If you do not use infrastructure that the installation program provisions, you must manage and maintain the cluster resources yourself.

See xref:../../architecture/architecture-installation.adoc#installation-process_architecture-installation[Installation process] for more information about installer-provisioned and user-provisioned installation processes.

[id="choosing-a-method-to-install-ocp-on-ash-installer-provisioned"]
=== Installing a cluster on installer-provisioned infrastructure

> You can install a cluster on Azure Stack Hub infrastructure that is provisioned by the {product-title} installation program, by using one of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install a cluster on Azure Stack Hub infrastructure that is provisioned by the {product-title} installation program, by using the following method:
```

Reviewer: You got the s/methods/method, but still says "one of"

Author: Ugg. Thank you.
